So in our blog page we've got the short and darm posts.
And in this video I want to make sure that if we click on the Read More button on the title that this
links to a page which is going to show the full length post I would do that by creating a template called
single lock.
HP so head over to text editor and create a new page and save this.
Our single top piece HP we'd all the rest of the PS HP files.
So were presses two different types of page templates we can use.
There's the single use template which will be used for the contact and above was page.
And that's only going to be used on one particular page or it is also a global template which is a bit
of a more general template and we need to put a comment at the top of the page.
So the single page is going to be loosely based on our blog page so we can reuse a lot of the content.
So copy the content from the index page and paste this into the single page.
Because this is going to be a global template.
We need to add a comment to the top.
Tell WordPress the name of the template.
So I read the comments.
So it's got to be the name of templates that's going to be single post template.
So this will have some of the same functionality as the blog page but we're just one or two little changes
for example in the blog page we have the title link to the full post but we don't want that because
were already on full post so let's remove the hyperlink So surrounding the title remove the hyperlink
so the clothes in a tag can also remove the title attribute the Permal link.
And on the way to the open in a tag.
So save that.
And head over to the blog and click on one of the blog posts.
This is the single page that we're now working on.
And we're still needs our detai all to the top of the page.
So now you can see it one click on the link at the top.
It's no longer a link.
It's just the blog site all our money to change the shortened version of the post to be the full length.
And we do that.
By changing the excerpt back to the content.
So save that and then refresh and then got this full length of the post.
So next I want to head over to the style sheet and other little that line height in just to create some
space between the tags the category and the text below.
So we go over to the style that CSA us and copy a comments I want to paste it just below the blog sidebar.
He baltimore's you contact us.
I'll put it just before the mobile style am so peyster.
I will call this the blog single post.
Let's just take a look at the class.
We need to target here.
So if you go into the next page.
So once it stands to the Tigers and the category.
So the class which around those is blog post matter.
And I've just noticed as a little mistake there we need to move the clothes and tag.
To actually start before the tags and category and then end just afterwards.
Why's that won't work so anxious.
Put that in.
And saved that.
So back to the style sheet and then paste in the class.
Dog gets put a dot in front of it because it's a class.
And then it's online space in with the line high property of two Ms.
And let's refresh the browser and see how that's lueken.
That still hasn't changed.
There's still a problem somewhere.
So if we just take a look.
I ask because we've changed the clause and paragraph type on the index page but not done in the single
dot page piece.
So had to single copy 8 p.
And then just move the clause and Pete.
Put this after the category.
Okay.
And save that Nettie let's work now.
OK.
I think that's work and we're just missing the Tigers off there.
Just because an office that post has got any tigers which it doesn't sulpher try the August newsletter
one.
I've got the tags which need to add abrade Saigon to there.
So just after the offer and after the close and a tag I had a break tag.
And help.
That should solve all no great subtle look a lot better we've now got some line height between the Tigers
and the categories.
So that's looking good now.
Okay so then if gold down the page a little bit more.
Can also remove the read more button because we don't need that.
If I can move the whole of the link and pull up a little bit more and save.
And then refresh that.
And there we go.
That's the Read More button removed.
So one thing we need to be conscious of when building were pressed seems is that sometimes users can
upload posts which are really long hours in only five paragraphs so it looks quite good on the page.
Boy if somebody uploads a really long post may want to split it up into different pages so maybe want
to add a pager with previous and next on at the end of the post.
Just to split it up a little bit.
And the way we can do that is we could allow users to put a brake take in.
So if we choose a blog post or just choose one that we're on now which is yogas newsletter.
If we just choose a point in which you want ARDS a pager we can add a comment in there which is the
same as a hate Jamal comment which says next page.
I'm going to copy this and paste it in one more time.
And then update that post.
And back to the site.
OK so let's take a look at that.
So now we've got our blog post appear on.
It's cut off after two paragraphs where we'll put the next page break point which is great.
So next we need to just add a pager onto the bottom of the posts which will allow us to skip to the
next page.
I can do that in the single doppie HP and adeste just below the content.
So open up the page B.
And then the WordPress function that will add in WP underscore link underscore pages.
Brackets and semicolon and save and refresh the blog page.
So now we can see at the bottom we've got the number of pages.
So want to and free.
And they all appeal to a working correctly.
So the plussing want to do is add a pager onto the bottom of the post so you can skip to the next or
the previous post if you want to.
So buckin single copy HP go in onto the pager and instead of say in next posts.
Just take the s off the end.
Another link to the previous or the next post.
We don't need the text inside the brackets.
Because the name of the post is put in would were pressed dynamically to save that and then refresh.
So now we've got the August newsletter and D were going to the previous or the next post just by clicking
on the buttons at the bottom.
So making good progress and the last thing we need to do is just up the text at the top of the page
for the single post so we'll do that in the functions page again.
I will add another ELSE IF statement.
So elusive.
In fact instead of unknown and you statements on the wheel can just add it onto the whole one.
Just because we're going to use in the same text of tranquil spa official blog so just after is home
were used the two pipes.
Which means.
Or so.
If were on the home page or the page is single.
Then print out the text triangles spa official blog so save and refresh.
Okay good.
That's the template finish for the single blog post.
And if you join me in the next video will make it possible for users to add comments to the posts.